HEY, my name is Destin subtitles Jun: I do not know what his name!
We do not really interesting teaching (avenue)
And we do not have a lot of money
But we have a lot of knowledge about firearms
And we are rocket scientists ?? subtitles Jun: Σ (* ゚ д ゚ ノ) ノ
So we started to create a profession called Smarter Every Day (Smarter Every Day)
music
We want to teach something about twice a week
Today we have a Saiga-12 semi-automatic shotgun and a 20-round mag subtitles: I will not firearm
We want to teach the relationship between detonation and deflagration subtitles Jun: that not too
Detonation is about a subtitles Jun: Sonic is you?
You need to have an impact or need air pressure to start the subtitle Jun: Do not know what they are saying
Deflagration is about a subsonic subtitle Jun: δ △ δ
In simple terms: And detonation is the same, but not without the kind of impact of the explosion
So let's get started
So like the experiment
I want to bring my experimental glasses, wwww subtitles Jun: (̿▀̿ ̿ω▀̿ ̿) ̄
We started (boring sound)
it is good
Gunfire subtitles Jun: Σ ヽ (゚ Д ゚;) ノ
Gunfire subtitles Jun: Σ (° Д °;
Gunfire subtitles Jun: ε = ε = ヾ (; ゚ д ゚) /
It looks like every one has a flame
Gunfire
But that is very interesting
Saiga-12 semi-automatic shotgun double 20-round mag (magazine)
This is worth it
In short: Just remember that everything will eventually burn
Or: You at least burst the meaning of the word, I wish you a good day